[PIE-9133] Added note and points for branch selection logic (#1363)
harness/developer-hub: docs/platform/10_Git-Experience/configure-git-experience-for-harness-entities.md

Click **Run Pipeline**.

### Branch selection logic for fetching referenced entities in remote pipelines

> The configurations of the required resources and any referenced entities like input sets, and templates are fetched from Git during pipeline fetch, creation, or execution.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The configurations of the required resources and any referenced entities like input sets and templates are fetched from Git during pipeline fetch, creation, or execution.
```

Following are the possible scenarios when your remote pipelines reference entities:
- The referenced entities are stored in the same repository as the pipeline.
- The referenced entities are stored in a different repository than the pipeline.

#### The referenced entities are stored in the same repository as the pipeline

Following are the key points to keep in mind when the referenced entities reside in the same repository: 

- During pipeline execution, Harness fetches the entities like templates from the same branch as the pipeline. This lets you test the templates before merging them back into the "default" branch.
- Harness recommends creating a separate project for testing templates.

> - Templates and the corresponding pipelines to test them should be in the same repository.

Reviewer: Only if this is required, recommend updating to "must."

> - Templates and the corresponding pipelines to test them should be in the same repository.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Templates and the corresponding pipelines to test them must be in the same repository.
```

- When you modify a template in a feature branch, the test pipeline is also present in the feature branch.

> - As you can execute the pipeline from any branch, you can select the branch in which the changes to test templates were pushed. Merge the changes after testing. Upon merging, others will be able to access them.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- As you can execute the pipeline from any branch, you can select the branch in which the changes to test templates were pushed. Merge the changes after testing. Upon merging, others are able to access them.
```

> - This approach works best when the teams responsible for creating and managing templates will be different from those responsible for executing the pipeline (Platform Engineering or DevOps teams versus Developers), so the test projects should be separate from the production projects.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- This approach works best when the teams responsible for creating and managing templates are different from those responsible for executing the pipeline (Platform Engineering or DevOps teams versus Developers), so the test projects should be separate from the production projects.
```

#### The referenced entities are stored in the same repository as the pipeline

Here are the key points to keep in mind when the referenced entities reside in the same repository: 

- During pipeline execution, Harness fetches the entities like templates from the same branch as the pipeline. This lets you test the templates before merging them back into the "default" branch.
- Harness recommends creating a separate project for testing templates.
- Templates and the corresponding pipelines to test them should be in the same repository.
- When you modify a template in a feature branch, the test pipeline is also present in the feature branch.
- As you can execute the pipeline from any branch, you can select the branch in which the changes to test templates were pushed. Merge the changes after testing. Upon merging, others will be able to access them.
- This approach works best when the teams responsible for creating and managing templates will be different from those responsible for executing the pipeline (Platform Engineering or DevOps teams versus Developers), so the test projects should be separate from the production projects.

:::info

> Harness considers entities to be in the same repository if their repository names match, regardless of which GIT provider they use.

Reviewer 2: This line is not required

> For example, when you store your pipeline in GitHub and the entities it references in Bitbucket, Harness treats the two repositories as same if their repository names are identical.

Reviewer 2: So is this

Author: @mohitg0795  Please see Kapil's comments.

#### Referenced entities are in the same repository

Here are the key points to keep in mind when the referenced entities reside in the same repository: 

- During pipeline execution, Harness fetches the template from the same branch as the pipeline. This lets you test the templates before merging them back into the "default" branch.
- Harness recommends creating a separate project for testing templates.

> - Templates and pipelines should be in the same repository.

Reviewer 3: I think here we should mention "test pipelines". People shouldn't confuse it with the pipelines of their projects.

We can clearly say that Templates and the pipelines to test them should be in same repository.

Author: Done.

> - Whenever you change a template in a feature branch, the corresponding testing pipelines are also updated.

Reviewer 3: "the corresponding testing pipeline can also be updated if required". The pipelines aren't updated automatically.

Author: Done

- As you can execute the pipeline from any branch, you can select the branch in which the changes to test templates were pushed. Merge the changes after testing. Upon merging, others will be able to access them.
- This approach assumes the teams responsible for creating and managing templates will be different from those responsible for executing the pipeline (PE/DevOps teams versus Developers), so the test projects should be separate from the production projects.

:::info

> Harness considers entities in the same repository if they are stored in different Git providers, but have the same repository names.

Reviewer 3: Can we phrase it like this: "Harness considers entities to be in the same repository if the repository name matches for the entities, irrespective in whichever GIT provider the entities may exist."

Author: Done

> For example, when you store your pipeline in GitHub and the entities it references in Bitbucket, Harness treats the two repositories as one if their repository names are identical.

Reviewer 3: Can we rephrase : "Harness treats the two repositories as "same" if their repository names are identical"

Author: Done.
